Update CHANGELOG for v3.2.0 (#750)
kiwix/kiwix-js: CHANGELOG.md

It was first called Evopedia (and was using the file format of Evopedia).
Then it was renamed Kiwix-html5 (and uses ZIM files), and then again was renamed to Kiwix-JS.

## Kiwix-JS v3.2.0

Released on *2021-08-22*

* NEW: Support latest format of ZIM archives (with no namespace)
* NEW: Optimization of title search by eliminating redundancies
* NEW: Support new format of title listings (v1) in no-namespace ZIM archives
* NEW: 'Home' key can now be used to focus the search field

> * NEW: Use native Promises (or modern polyfill where required) instead of Q

Reviewer: We might add that it slightly improves overall performance

* NEW: Use fast binary WASM decoders with fallback to ASM if necessary
* UPDATE: Clearer and more extensive documentation for end users in About

> * UPDATE: Code testing updated to latest QUnit and moved to GitHub + SauceLabs

Reviewer: It would be worth having 2 different lines : 
```suggestion
* UPDATE: Unit testing updated to latest QUnit, and use Karma instead of Nightwatch
* UPDATE: Replace Travis by GitHub Actions for the continuous integration
```

* UPDATE: Added helper scripts and instructions for recompiling decompressors with Docker
* BUGFIX: Issue with calculation for selection of random articles

> * BUGFIX: Bug with incorrect syntax in usage of classList method

Reviewer: It would be worth explaining what was the consequence of this bug in an end-user perspective : some CSS styles not applied (in very rare cases), I suppose?
